Full Text: 
 Welcome back. It's time for today's earnings exchange. Retail and tech are driving the narrative today in the markets Let's get a read on three more names in those sectors reporting after the bell We've got Costco, Adele and MongoDB joining us for the trade the Nancy Tangler She's CEO and CIO for Laffer Tangler investments Nancy great to have you back welcome Thanks Kelly. Let's start with the favorite Costco and it's like a broken record saying it's hitting an all-time high But it is again today as it's set to report third quarter earnings after the bell and let's over a DA Davidson It'll be watching food inflation how that's affecting prices whether they're increasing their investments into e-commerce I'll be always a growth opportunity. What's your take is still an owner here? Yeah, we do own it and you know, we've trimmed it back on on strength and it is expensive Instructed trading at 45 times next 12-month earnings I'm often said if I had bought more Costco stock instead of you know the the major runs we made when the kids were you're right kids I'd be super wealthy, but I think what you want to be paying attention to is they are taking share and consumables So sorry target and the company is is is growing e-commerce at a rapid clip not as fast as Walmart So we'd like to see some some guidance there and then I think you just you have to step back and say It's pretty hard for this company to have any more multiple expansion I mean Costco is expensive even by Costco standards So you I think if you get weakness you add to it and if you get a run up in the stock It would probably be prudent to trim it back you wonder if they're gonna do a split at some point of pee What the one we're showing is almost 50 and they stock price is $818 maybe it should go in the Dow Well, that would be nice instead of some of these software companies that they've done it like today And they also have that special dividend which last year was $15 a share don't do it every year But when they do it's really quite Wow, the run up has really even been more impressive than it looks That's really interesting. All right, so sticking with it. Maybe looking for opportunities to add Let's move on to Dell We mentioned it hasn't been a great day for software And the stock is trading somewhat lower into the print down 4.5 percent But it's been on a 260% run in the past year B of A is looking for more AI offerings Announcement on a potential PC refresh when Dell releases first quarter results this afternoon talk about hype and expectations with this one And a fun Renaissance story as well It is Kelly it reminds me of Microsoft after the 10 years of wandering in the wilderness For Microsoft this this is a company that's in the sweet spot of AI hard at the AI hardware story They they have not only servers, but they will be listening for is storage recovering and guidance on PC margins But I think the street may be underestimating the PC upgrade cycle if so I think the stock continue to perform well. It's trading at 23 times next year's earnings if this is a secular Tailwind behind the company for many years that is not terribly expensive free cash flows growing Capital allocation back to shareholders is quite attractive So on weakness. I think you add to it and if you don't get a big pop I think you still add to it just watch you know pay attention to Nvidia and how that stock has acted after earnings reports meaning in a good way or Yeah, so you get a maybe you get a sell off, but then it historically it's been Wise to step in so I think you know, that's what we'll be doing. That's a great. No, it's Dell's back Microsoft's back denim Abercrombies back. It's like this is my sweet spot. I understand this world. Okay, let's move along to MongoDB Which is actually down 20% year to date, but a lot of analysts covering the stock still have a buy rating Seval is watching for updates on licensing deals revenue for their at-list database Are you watching this one Nancy? What do you do here? Yeah, so I think the the real problem that this company is faced is at two years ago Year and half ago the atlas which is 63% of revenues Kelly They went from a subscription model to a consumption-based model Which is kind of the opposite of what a lot of software companies have been doing and there was a slowdown in consumption demand a macro Slowdown, so I think what I want to hear from management is what their guidance is going forward because frankly That the experiment has not yet worked and Wall Street's not the most patient. I think that's why you've seen the sell off in stock and it is trading at a ridiculous multiple So um, you know, they've got to deliver otherwise. They're going to get clobbered I think after the after the report. All right. They've yeah look at that 130 pe you can get you know, just go pick up in video Nancy is I we have enough time just give me a quick sense of how you're looking at the markets at this juncture as we head into the summer Yeah, I think we're seeing a slowdown. I mean, I heard people read the page book yesterday and said they thought it was very optimistic What when I heard and read in it was that that things are are growing. They're just not growing as fast And so you know, we and we were talking about earlier about the B of A guidance I think we are seeing a slowdown the labor market is rolling over To some extent or at least softening and wages have rolled over so you know, we're at pre-pandemic real wages Lower than pre-pandemic real wages and wage growth is back to pre-pandemic levels So you got to watch the consumer and you have been so I appreciate that The high end. I think you stick with us baby boomers do have a lot of disposable income And you you stick with the high end on the consumer side of the interesting that that's more Tempered than I personally got to come back and we'll expand on it But I appreciate you letting us know Nancy. Thanks for your time today. Good to see you
 Summary: 
 Retail and tech are driving the narrative today in the markets . Let's get a read on three more names in those sectors reporting after the bell . We've got Costco, Adele and MongoDB joining us for the trade . Nancy Tangler is CEO and CIO for Laffer Tangler investments .